Cloud changelog - Sept 1st (#5859)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-09-01](#release-2022-09-01)
- [Release 2022-08-25](#release-2022-08-25)
- [Release 2022-08-18](#release-2022-08-18)
- [Release 2022-08-10](#release-2022-08-10)
- [Release 2022-08-03](#release-2022-08-03)
- [Release 2022-07-28](#release-2022-07-28)

## Release 2022-09-01

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added most active Direct Message channels, new top Playbooks, least active channels, and new team members widgets to Insights.
 - Introduced a new ``/marketplace command`` that brings up the marketplace modal for the Admin, and changed the ``/help`` command so that it now keeps the user internal to Mattermost.
 - Team unreads are now calculated based on the channel membership and threads only. Team membership is no longer taken into account.
 - For introducing Boards and Playbooks to new users, an “explore other tools in platform” item was added to the end user onboarding checklist.

> Added new API endpoint ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms`` to get users' Direct Message channel insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new API endpoint ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms`` to get users' Direct Message channel insights.
```

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue for the customer portal where the completed Company Information screen read "Provide your company name and address".
 - Fixed an issue where reading a thread on the mobile app caused a negative mention count to display on the web app.
 - Fixed an issue where the user profile image persisted after user account deletion.

### Known Issues
 - The Playbooks left-hand sidebar does not update when a user is added to a run or playbook without a refresh.

>  - The runs and playbooks in the Playbooks left-hand sidebar does not have dot-menus that allow interaction with each item [MM-44752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-44752).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The runs and playbooks in the Playbooks left-hand sidebar don't have dot-menus that allow interaction with each item [MM-44752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-44752).
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-09-01](#release-2022-09-01)
- [Release 2022-08-25](#release-2022-08-25)
- [Release 2022-08-18](#release-2022-08-18)
- [Release 2022-08-10](#release-2022-08-10)
- [Release 2022-08-03](#release-2022-08-03)
- [Release 2022-07-28](#release-2022-07-28)

## Release 2022-09-01

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added most active Direct Message channels, new top Playbooks, least active channels, and new team members widgets to Insights.
 - Introduced a new ``/marketplace command`` that brings up the marketplace modal for the Admin, and changed the ``/help`` command so that it now keeps the user internal to Mattermost.
 - Team unreads are now calculated based on the channel membership and threads only. Team membership is no longer taken into account.
 - For introducing Boards and Playbooks to new users, an “explore other tools in platform” item was added to the end user onboarding checklist.
 
#### API Changes
 - Added a new API endpoint ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms`` to get users' Direct Message channel insights.

### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue for the customer portal where the completed Company Information screen read "Provide your company name and address".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue in the System Console > Subscription where the completed Company Information screen read "Provide your company name and address".
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-09-01](#release-2022-09-01)
- [Release 2022-08-25](#release-2022-08-25)
- [Release 2022-08-18](#release-2022-08-18)
- [Release 2022-08-10](#release-2022-08-10)
- [Release 2022-08-03](#release-2022-08-03)
- [Release 2022-07-28](#release-2022-07-28)

## Release 2022-09-01

### Improvements

#### Boards
 - Added indexes to improve performance.

>  - Fixed a bug where the "new" button in Kanban columns didn't always work [issue-focalboard-3600](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/3600).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a bug where the **New** button in Kanban columns didn't always work [issue-focalboard-3600](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/3600).
```

 - Fixed issues with 'single-user' mode.

#### User Interface (UI)

>  - Added most active Direct Message channels, new top Playbooks, least active channels, and new team members widgets to Insights.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Added new Insights widgets: Most Active DMs, Top Playbooks, Least Active Channels, and New Team Members.
```

 - Introduced a new ``/marketplace command`` that brings up the marketplace modal for the Admin, and changed the ``/help`` command so that it now keeps the user internal to Mattermost.
 - Team unreads are now calculated based on the channel membership and threads only. Team membership is no longer taken into account.
 - For introducing Boards and Playbooks to new users, an “explore other tools in platform” item was added to the end user onboarding checklist.
 
#### API Changes

>  - Added a new API endpoint ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms`` to get users' Direct Message channel insights.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Added new API endpoints:
    - ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms``
    - ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/threads``
    - ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id/top/team_members``
    - ``GET /api/v4/teams/:team_id:/top/threads``
```

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2022-09-01](#release-2022-09-01)
- [Release 2022-08-25](#release-2022-08-25)
- [Release 2022-08-18](#release-2022-08-18)
- [Release 2022-08-10](#release-2022-08-10)
- [Release 2022-08-03](#release-2022-08-03)
- [Release 2022-07-28](#release-2022-07-28)

## Release 2022-09-01

### Improvements

#### Boards
 - Added indexes to improve performance.

>  - Fixed a bug where the "new" button in Kanban columns didn't always work.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 - Fixed a bug where the "new" button in Kanban columns didn't always work [issue-focalboard-3600](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/3600).
```

 
#### API Changes
 - Added a new API endpoint ``GET /api/v4/users/me/top/dms`` to get users' Direct Message channel insights.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue in **System Console > Subscription** where the completed Company Information screen read "Provide your company name and address".
 - Fixed an issue where reading a thread on the mobile app caused a negative mention count to display on the web app.
 - Fixed an issue where the user profile image persisted after user account deletion.

### Known Issues
 - The Playbooks left-hand sidebar does not update when a user is added to a run or playbook without a refresh.
 - The runs and playbooks in the Playbooks left-hand sidebar don't have dot-menus that allow interaction with each item [MM-44752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-44752).
 - On the new Boards RHS from the channel Apps Bar, channel members who are not board admins are incorrectly able to see the **Unlink** board button. However, selecting the button doesn't actually unlink the board unless the user is a board admin [issue-focalboard-3600](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/3600).

>  - On Boards, selecting the **+ New** button below a column on the Kanban view doesn't always create a new card. As a workaround, set a new default card template by going to the dropdown menu from the blue **New** button on the header of the board, opening the **Options** menu on any card template, and selecting **Set as default** [issue-focalboard-3676](https://github.com/mattermost/focalboard/issues/3676).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
